SITES-10835: Documentation (#26)
AdobeDocs/uix: src/pages/services/aem-cf-console-admin/api/index.md

            getButtons() {
                return [
                    {
                        id: "my.company.export-button",
                        label: "Export",
                        icon: 'Export', // Spectrum workflow icon code from https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/icons/
                        subItems: [
                            {
                                id: 'xml',
                                label: 'XML',
                                onClick: async () => {
                                    console.log('Export in XML button has been pressed.');
                                    // ...
                                },
                            },
                            {
                                id: 'csv',
                                label: 'CSV',
                                onClick: async () => {
                                    console.log('Export in CSV button has been pressed.');
                                    // ...
                                },
                            },
                        ],
                    },
                ];
            },
        },
    },
});
```

> The `onClick` callback is invoked when user clicks on the button and does not receive any extra parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `onClick` callback is invoked when a user clicks on the button. It does not receive any arguments.
```

Reviewer: It's a small thing: "parameters" are what the function signature defines, "arguments" are the values received. I thought this was clearer, but it's just a suggestion.

Author: done

<InlineAlert variant="warning" slots="text" />

A single button declaration with `getButton` and `onClick` methods is deprecated.

#### API Reference

**Button API**

| Field    | Type                                                                        | Required | Description                                                                                               |
|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------ |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id       | `string`                                                                    | ✔️  | **Must be unique** across all extensions. Consider adding vendor prefix to this field                     |
| label    | `string`                                                                    | ✔️  | Button label that will be visible on UI                                                                   |

> | icon     | `string`                                                                    |    | An icon field accepts workflow icon code from @spectrum-icons library - https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/icons/ |

Author: Done

                                id: 'csv',
                                label: 'CSV',
                                onClick: (selections) => {
                                    console.log('Export in CSV button has been pressed.', selections);
                                    // ...
                                },
                            },
                        ],
                    },
                ];
            },
        },
    },
});
```

The callback is invoked when user clicks on the button and receives list of content fragments selected in the list.

<InlineAlert variant="warning" slots="text" />

A single button declaration with `getButton` and `onClick` methods is deprecated.

#### API Reference

**Button API**

| Field    | Type                                                                        | Required | Description                                                                                                 |
|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------| ------ |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | id       | `string`                                                                    | ✔️  | **Must be unique** across all extensions. Consider adding vendor prefix to this field                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id       | `string`                                                                    | ✔️  | **Must be unique** across all extensions. Consider adding a vendor prefix to this field.                       |
```

| label    | `string`                                                                    | ✔️  | Button label that will be visible on UI                                                                     |

> | icon     | `string`                                                                    |    | An icon field accepts workflow icon code from @spectrum-icons library - https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/icons/ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| icon     | `string`                                                                    |    | Name of a [React-Spectrum workflow icon](https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/workflow-icons.html#available-icons). |
```

> | subItems | `array`                                                                     |    | A lsit with sub menu items                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subItems | `array`                                                                     |    | A list with sub menu items                                                                                  |
```

**Sub menu item API**

| Field    | Type                         | Required | Description                                                                                                  |
|----------|------------------------------| ------ |--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id       | `string`                     | ✔️  | **Must be unique** across the current button sub menu                                                        |
| label    | `string`                     | ✔️  | Button label that will be visible on UI                                                                      |
| icon     | `string`                     |    | An icon field accepts workflow icon code from @spectrum-icons library - https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/icons/ |
| onClick  | `callback(selections): void` |  ✔️ | A callback for a button `onClick` event. Receives list of content fragments selected in the list             |

**ContentFragment API**

> The structure details can be found in `@aem-sites/headless-sdk`

Reviewer 2: `Structure details` words are confusing to me. Please explain in the docs how this related to the other parts of this docs. Also, this package seems to be private and not visible to our users. Should we have a copy of interface here?

```js
import { ContentFragment } from "@aem-sites/headless-sdk";
```

### Content Fragment Grid Columns

> The content fragment grid is area above below the action bar. It host the list of all the content fragments in the current view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content fragment grid is area above below the action bar. It contains the list of all the content fragments in the current view.
```

Author: done
